Let's now create the Audio Post Format which will be very similar to the video post format. So let's go back to the code editor. Or let's
first search  for "post format audio".
And we have one post here.
So let's go and create content-audio.
And this will be exactly like the video post format.
But we've some small differences.
So first when we get the media we will search for "audio" and "iframe" only.
Also let's call this $audios and
here.
And then finally in this if condition we also change this to $audios.
And we don't need to add the responsive class anymore.
And that will be it.
Let's take a look.
We also have to change this class to "audio".
So as you can see we have an HTML5 audio player.
So let's go to this post and edit it. And let's also test the Gutenberg.
So let's add a new block and Embeds and let's add maybe the SoundCloud.
So let's go to SoundCloud and get any audio.
And let's copy the URL and put it here.
And let's also remove this one. And let's update. And let's view the post. We've to view it in the loop also.
Let's click on the category.
And here we have a post with a SoundCloud embedded in it.
Right?
So using the Gutenberg blocks we don't have the option to change the width, so maybe it's better to embed it from
here.
And you can also choose the height. And let's copy this. And let's remove this. And then we can paste our iframe
and update.
And now as you can see it will look much better because we have more control here we can use the width and
the height.
But anyways this was how to create the audio formats. We still have one post format missing which is the
Gallery.
So let's do that in the next lecture.